1. We are desirous of entering into business relations with leading firms in your countries.
  --> 거래 관계를 시작

2. As we are about to conclude some important business with them, we should like to know exactly how their credit standing.
  --> 신용상태(credit standing)
3. Where the ship concerned in the adventure is missing, and after the lapse of a reasonable time no news of her has been received, a constructive total loss may be presumed.
 -->추정전손(Constructive total loss)을 본다
4. Thank you very much for your letter of July 7, asking us for an extra discount of 2% over the usual trade discounts, if you place an order with us for 25,000 key chains.
--> 주문하다 (place an order)


5. Should the number of running days be exceeded the character must pay demurrage : should the work be completed in less than number of days allowed, he receives despatch money.
체선료(Demurrage Charge) : 운임의 일종으로 항만에서 선박의 체항에 따른 시간적 손실에 대한 보상, 계약된 정박기간 내에 화물을 선적하거나 하역하지 못했을때, 그 초과된 일수에 대해서 용선자가 선사에 지급하는 일종의 배상금
조출료(Despatch Money) : 계약된 정박기간보다 빨리 화물을 선적하거나 하역헀을때, 그 절약한 일수에 대해서 선사가 용선자에게 지급하는 일종의 환급금

6. Please let us know the number of the letter of credit covering your order as soon as it is established. we thank you for this trial order and wish to express our pleasure 
that you have opened an account with us. We are looking forward to your early reorder.
  covering youer order  - 귀사주문에 대한 
  trial order and wish to express our pleauser 시험주문
  opened an account with us.  계좌개설
  your early reorder. 귀사의 조속한 주문
 

7. Sellers shall effect marine insurance on all shipments on ICC(B) including War Risks
for 110% of the invoice amount Risks of theft, pilferage and non-delivery or any other additional insurance if required,
shall be covered by Sellers for account of buyers. Insurance Polices or Certificated of Insurance shall be made out in US
currency, and claims payable in New York.
셀러는 영향을 줍니다. 해상 보함에 모은 배에 전쟁 위험을 포함한 110% 를요 송장가격의 / 위험에 대한/도둑/분실/다른 추가적인 요청괸 보함
에 대히여 판매자에 의해서 커버 대야 합니다. 구매자에게 보험 정책 또는 보험의 인정된, made out  되야 됩니다.  달려로 그리고 뉴욕에서 청구할 수 있습니다.

-->판매자는 송장 금액의 110%에 대해 전쟁 위험을 포함하여 ICC(B)의 모든 배송에 대해 해상 보험에 가입해야 합니다. 도난, 좀도둑, 미배송 또는 필요한 경우 
기타 추가 보험의 위험은 구매자를 대신하여 판매자가 부담합니다. 보험 증권 또는 보험 증명서는 미국 통화로 작성되어야 하며 청구 금액은 뉴욕에서 지급되어야 합니다.

8. As your L/C expires on May 20. please extend S/D june 10.
  귀사 신용장은 5월 20일에 만료되므로 선적일자를 6월 10일까지 연장바람.

9. Can you supply us with the goods on D/P basis?
  제품을 지급인도조건으로  공급해 주실 수 있습니까?
  D/P(Documents against payment) 
    지급인도 조건
  D/A(Documents agains Acceptance)
    인수인도 조건
https://spot.wooribank.com/pot/Dream?withyou=FXEIM0024

10. Insurance policy in duplicate, endorsed in blank.
백지배서된 보험증권 2부

11. Claim shall be settled by arbitration in Seoul in accordance with the rules of the Korean Commercial Arbitration Board
클레임은 대한상사중재원의 중재규칙에 따라 서울에서 해결한다.
